Nodes: vehicle nodes are categorized to be rechargeable and non-rechargeable in two general categories, due to the non-rechargeable abundance on the world, a higher percentage are non-rechargeable nodes in our data. Considered to be the largest number of nodes sent as vehicles, the number of RSUs and BSs is considered to be equal, based on identifying regions. Due to assumption with accurate data, Energy range is considered at almost the same level for every node, which should be considered according to the types (trains, planes, etc.) of different categories. 
PathType: It is defined based on two types for cars, in which the speed limit is considered, which is considered a certain amount according to the different values in different countries. This speed is used in the next phase of the safety relationship. The volume of authorized vehicles is determined based on holidays and non-holidays and peak and non-peak hours of day and night. Non-holiday days are busier during the day and non-holiday days are considered busier at night, and the capacity of accepted vehicles is larger than all of them (when smaller, errors are considered).
MessagesDataset: The cost of nodes is calculated based on how the route is set for messages. For Bus and Gateway, fixed amounts of 12 and 8 are considered, and their cost is calculated according to the number and nodes cost is calculated based on node cost on nodes.xlsx. The channels are determined by different routes west, east, south, and north, and the number of channels is determined by the distance or number of intersections. Most messaging sizes are mid-range and can be categorized at the time of evaluation. Message time is considered longer for some messages, and for some it is not generally considered to be an example of how nodes are unavailable in the middle of processing. This is rare because the discussion of confirmation at the beginning of processing is considered in the overall management of the general scenario.

TrafficData.xlsx: This data is intended to be categorized in the expansion of the system, and based on the area, this data can be collected and it is determined what kind of path each node was on. The average speed, trajectory and speed limit have been determined to be used in the next phase of safety. There is not necessarily a balance between speed and the route taken to cover traffic. Times are added for processing time calculations, and an attempt has been made to disperse it in such a way as to cover all hours of the day. Then it is determined what service each node covers and its input / output capacity is determined, which is mostly determined by the total capacity considered in the nodes, but the number of input processing may be related to service processing and background processing. At present, the input and output capacity of the processing is proportional to the total capacity, but in the case of error management, this is considered. The time of entry and exit for the service is set so that if the time accepted for the service is not covered, an error will be detected.
